here is what the video is about
transformers age of extinction it's
amazing they had a shot of Optimus Prime
getting really beaten up and then they
showed like lockdown space getting like
transform and like he had a gun sorry
I'm just really excited um they showed
some Dinobots they showed Optimus Prime
riding Grimlock with a sword it's
amazing and bumblebee was um he jumped
up and grabbed on to one of the Dinobots
and Nicola Peltz I forgot the other guy
and Mark Wahlberg they'll it looks great
it looks amazing thank goodness um
Michael Bay doesn't have you know overly
pretty girls everywhere thank goodness
um because transformers is just amazing
it just needs transformers manly stuff
um but oh my gosh guys and oh and the
really scary thing was that I saw
Optimus Prime he was getting shot
through the chest that looks really
scary I hope he actually doesn't die
forever but um that's just to develop
more hype for the fans and I heard that
he was gonna die I rumors oh man but I
mean still I just can't wait to see the
movie and it's gonna be amazing I cannot
wait how they put the human element in
the robot element in together because
this is a standalone film I really can't
wait because of the it's like browse
name was but he I guess he's a bad guy
and he he's trying to find I'm guessing
he's trying to get all the star sabers
and Mark Wahlberg somehow gets into the
Autobot you know you know I want to know
how they bring that together that
element together those elements and
bring them together but make an awesome
movie so guys this is gonna be awesome
oh and crossed
years he also has like parachutes he's
like shooting up Decepticons everywhere
it's gonna be amazing guys destruction
absolutely amazing and the effects look
great so far um we got to see some of
this prime bumblebee a Grimlock um not
snarl but the one that flies the
dynamite forgot um and locked down I
don't think we saw Galvatron yet but oh
man can to see the movie can't wait to
see the one minute um preview and then
the whole trailer oh it's gonna be
amazing guys so guys I hope you enjoyed
this video um it's amazing I just saw it
and I was just my mind was blown and my
brother was like whoa I was like yes
transformers age of extinction looks
amazing looks better than the
transformers 3 dark of the moon super
bowl teaser this one looks so much
better transformers age of extinction
guys hope you guys enjoyed this video
please like thumbs up please put in the
comments if you liked this video um give
me some support guys please subscribe
comment thumbs up and have a nice day I
hope the Broncos win but I don't know
thank you guys see you later